# Git Practice
https://degrees.apps.asu.edu/major-map/ASU00/ESCSESBS/null/ALL/2023

## Arizona State University, BS in Software Engineering, 2023-2024 Major Map

Several times during class, the professor has brought up how colleges are known for typically not preparing students well for a career in software development. New York University does not currently even have a degree program dedicated to the area. The reason this degree program from Arizona State University intrigued me so much was that it was by far the most in-depth degree program for software engineering that I have seen. Aside from the typical data structures and computer systems courses in a typical computer science major, this path includes topics in software design, analysis, testing, integration, and distributed development, which is much more than the usual intro course given in most computer science programs. The website also provides course ID's so that you can look up these classes and find their syllabus and descriptions and even material online if applicable. If NYU were to expand their teaching and include a Bachelor's major for Software Engineering, this path would be an ideal way to go, and will hopefully give other universities a plan for improving the software development skills of their students.

Wei Luo: I do believe a software engineering major like what ASU offered can provide student with quicker preparation for their future career in technology. Theoretical classes are indeed importnt. However, they might not able to offer student's ability to obtain conrete experiences. Therefore, a seprate discipline is important.